if you went back and time and stopped yourself from going back in time, then wtf?

lifeguards are great, but what if everyone is drowning at the same time?

why cant google find my car keys?

if i'm either one, or i'm one, is 'either one' a grouping or an answer?

if i'm this, or i'm this, why am i giving you the option to decide?

if D is all of the above, what if A through C are all of the below?

if B is all of the above, what's freewill?

if incomplete sentence

what's love in SI units?

if you i tell you to read this in my voice, what happens if you don't know my voice?

if im clever long enough does that make me smart?

if we move on after death why do people give a corpse our name?

why are they racists if they're okay with their own race? 

if not a soul is stirring, are chefs cold hearted?

if god suffers when people suffer, he must be pretty damn sad

if someone asks if you've heard of something, why do you say no when you just now heard of it?

if i tell you not to imagine a purple tree, why did you do it anyway?

if i told you not to read to the of this sentence, why are you reading this?

if you can't read, then wtf do you call this?

if you're blind, alone, and this is still text, tell me your secret

if this isn't in text, who would bother translating it?

if this reads pesimistic, why are you reading emotion from a collection of questions?

if you're still reading this and you're not entertained or asked to read it, what's wrong with you?

if you feel insulted, why are you still reading?

if you're reading this after i've mentioned numerous reasons not to keep reading that you agree with, ... go away

if you're still here are you my friend now?

if you're my friend are you the author's or this text's friend? if the latter, are you that desperate?

if i give you my heart, how can i love you if you have my heart?

if the heart represents love rather than the brain, wouldnt that make love the unfeeling physical attraction?

if we wear the style, do we actually like the clothing?

if a man loses his genitals he's still considered a man, if a woman lost her ovaries she's still considered
a woman, what is a transexual with lost parts considered?

if scientists are smart for answering questions, why are philosopher's smart for asking them?

if there really is no such thing as a dumb question, if i use alot of question marks does that make me smarter????????

if the entire universe freezes for a day, is today today or is today yesterday?

if i go back in time to bring my past self the time machine that i gave myself, wow

if i go back in time to give myself a time machine that i built, is that how that happens?

if you cant put a value on a human being, can i get infinite money for myself?

if kodak pictures are priceless, why do we pay money?

if a picture's worth a thousand words, are photographers authors?

if this is the answer, why is this written as a question?

if the question's an answer, what do you even do?

if we're at tbhe north pole, how do we go north?

if you're dead, what?

why do we still use english units?

